When is breaking the rules? Okay? Course. Papa, answer to that is never
way. Break the rules. Wait. Go around. Okay. The rules are there to
protect you. To protect the ship. To protect 16. Okay, so the best
thing about you, no one to break the rules, we'll break the rules.
Look at them, examined them, study them and figure out the situation
that we're far is a waiver. That's your responsibility. That's not
the team's responsible. It's real responsibilities, Leader. You know,
Skipper, it says we can only take, you know, metric units when we're
gonna refuel from the British ships. Do I have metric feelings? I
probably should go get them. How you getting all that? You need to
read the mobile so that, you know, when the time comes that you do ask
for a waiver. Well, you would have done that in advance past four.
It was pretty good. I figured that out.